Command line configuration file (#63)
braedon/prometheus-es-exporter: README.md

```
> sudo docker build -t <your repository name and tag> .
```

> To develop in a docker container file you should first build the container using
> ```
> > sudo docker build -t exporter:latest
> ```
> Then run (in the root of the git repo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To develop in a docker container, first build the image, and then run the following in the root project directory:
```

```

> > sudo docker run --rm -it --name exporter --entrypoint bash $(pwd):/usr/src/app exporter:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> sudo docker run --rm -it --name exporter --entrypoint bash -v $(pwd):/usr/src/app <your repository name and tag>
```
